I am Goran Štambuk. A man born in Zadar on June 2, 1979 at 1:30 in the morning, Croatian by nationality.

When I was 4 years old, my neighbor, a skinny tall guy in the stadium street, offered me yogurt. I noticed that it was a little open, I just tried it and said that it tasted disgusting.
Then some chubby guy next to me scooped out that yogurt. The neighbor asked the chubby guy if he wanted to come play at his place and the chubby guy agreed.
I asked too, but he told me to come at 2 pm. I came, no one opened the door after 5 minutes, but when I left, my butt hurt.

I went to school and shared a bench with a Roma guy, whom everyone called a gypsy, and he lived in a small house at the bottom of the stadium street, 100m from where I was a tenant.
One day I called him a gypsy, not knowing it was an insult, so he suggested I meet his father. I entered their house, his father knew
who am I, then I remember that I'm leaving the house with a sore ass, and that tall, skinny guy appears again, asking me what happened.
I get weird after that. I sing the song Offennbach - Catchy, which will still exist in 40 years, and in English, which I still don't know a word of.

We went on a trip in elementary school by train. We went outside and walked around the edges, passed an armored wagon, and came to a locomotive with no one on it.
We started to make a mess and I pulled the brake in the opposite position, so the door went back. However, Marko Šarin came and he pulled again.
We got scared and turned back, and I looked out of the last carriage we were in and saw the locomotive fall into a ravine.
I told the others and we jumped off the train. Someone said that Tito was in an armored carriage. A young, tall, skinny boy appeared and asked me what had happened
but the children claimed that I was to blame.

In the garden, in the yard of the stadium, there were some doors and stairs that led down, underground. One day, a few people went down, and a lady
told me that the doors had to remain open. I closed them from the dispatcher when they went down, so I went home and told the old man, and he went there, then came back and said
that he had locked the doors.

During the war, I was 14 years old in 1993, and my neighbor Dalibor gave me a Motorola in the shelter to contact the defenders. I mentioned the Maslenica operation, not knowing
that I wasn't allowed to mention it, so I introduced myself when asked. I think more people died because of my stupidity than they should have.
One day, a story about a bag being stolen in a jam started on the internet, and I said that my father always bragged that bags could jam and that he had been able to steal millions so far.
When asked, I gave my father's full details.

It was 1992, maybe 3. The Homeland War was raging, and my father, who had worked at Borba, a Serbian newspaper company until the war, lost his job and we depended on my old mother, who was Serbian,
so we didn't know if she would lose her job too. We ate at Caritas, still eating that wormy rice, and we fetched water from the well of the St. Anastasia church.
Anyway, one autumn we realized that we wouldn't have any wood for the winter, so my old man made a deal with someone in the Serbian-occupied area for wood.
He had the brilliant idea of ​​going along the old Biograd Benkovac road via Borbin tamic. He probably didn't take the war too seriously. So he took me with him to help him load the wood.
Anyway, a group of soldiers came up to my window and said, "Do you know who I am?" I said, "I know," and you're a Chetnik! That got the guy pissed off and they took me and the old man out of the tamic.
Then they took the old man somewhere behind the tamic, and he told me to turn around and decided that I had a pretty little head.
The next thing I knew, we were back in the tamic and the same guy came up to me again and asked if I knew who he was. I didn't know, and this time I answered. "Oh, right," he said, and they let us go.
The old man loaded the wood into the truck himself, told me to stay inside, and when he returned, the Chetniks were gone. The old man usually parked the truck near the church of St. Francis and one morning he found it on fire.

I think I went to Info 96, an IT fair in Zagreb, at the end of 1996. The bus came to a bridge that the HDZ members had just opened for traffic,
and a woman in a suit got on the bus and offered us some cookies. I went with Filip and Antun. I went to the same fair again in 1998, and I don't remember anymore,
either the first or the second time there was a simulator of the OS/2 Warp operating system at the fair, a big can that could fit a dozen people, with a big screen and hydraulics, all powered by OS/2.

Filip called me inside, and when I sat down, someone blocked the door so that I couldn't get in or out, and I think Antun, who was sitting behind me, put a tissue over my mouth.
After that, it was as if nothing had happened, the only thing I remember is that the man in the first row was angry and demanded that the door be opened so he could get out.

I was young, a virgin, and I had just gotten a 14k modem. Naturally, the world was mine. While surfing, I ended up on Yahoo chat and there I met a girl the same age as me,
supposedly with a big bust, a blonde from America. After a few days of correspondence, it turned out that the only thing that was true was that she was from America. She was 45 years old and an 18-year-old daughter.
Come on, I somehow overheard it and through small talk it turned out that we liked the same music, the same movies, the same books. She didn't want to send a photo. And so we talked about everything and anything.
The first thing I would do in the morning when I woke up would be to go online and find her there, and the last thing I would do would be to turn off the internet, send her a kiss and go to bed.
Of course, after almost a month she did send me a photo, after my constant persuasion. It turned out that she was an average American couch potato, a 130kg woman.
The photo she sent was quite blurry, and my assumption was that her fat was fluttering in the wind. She even called me on the phone and for the first time in my life I spoke English with someone.
She wanted to come to Croatia to meet me. She was a librarian, and she could sing country music with a band. They still chewed tobacco in her neighborhood. Anyway, I got a bill for about 1100kn for internet,
the old people got pissed off, and I started calling my friends to see if anyone could lend me money and decided to break off all contact with her. Her name was Sheila btw. No one had that much, none of my friends were even employed at the time,
we were all too young, and she must have figured out what the joke was, so she offered to send me a check. Since I could choose, as the old people told me, either to sell my computer to pay off the debt, or this, I accepted her offer.
My old man told me that he would throw himself out the window if I ever saw that money. However, the check for 100 złoty arrived in good time, and I went to the bank with my mom and cashed it. My old man couldn't believe his eyes.
She even offered to pay next month, just so we could continue chatting, but I decided that I didn't want to embarrass myself any longer and cut off all contact.
In the summer of that same year, I was sitting in a bar in the town, and 3 female tourists, obviously American, quite large, passed by my table, one of them even looked me over, and the other called her Sheila,
but I didn't react and pretended not to see them.

I worked for Croit, a toy wholesaler. On my first day at work, I drove to get my driver's license in a Fiat Fiorino.

One day, smelly after work, I sat down in a bar on my way home from work, and Andrej's parents, who were my best friend, sat down next to me.

His father commented on my sweat. Andrej came over, so we walked to Borik on foot, sat down in a bar, and I had just gotten my paycheck.

Andrej filmed two girls at the table next to him, then asked me to pay him a couple of drinks to encourage him to approach them. Then he rushed over and called me to
join them. Both of us were virgins, we had never had a girlfriend. The girls' names were Tina and Slavica and they were going to a The Beat Fleet concert at Barracuda. ​​They invited us to go with them, so I bought tickets for myself and Andrej. The Beat Fleet was presenting the Ping Pong album.
Upon our return, we followed the girls home, to Plovanije, I think we both had our first kiss in our lives, so Andrej carried me around for about 20 minutes, all scared.
A week later, Slavica came to sleep over at my place, but I was terribly tired and fell asleep next to her. She woke me up at 5 am, said that her ferry was at 6:00, so she took off her clothes and rode me. I was so embarrassed that I tried to put my penis into that thing through her panties. I was overjoyed when she suggested that she take off her panties. Basically, she lay down, naked, some kind of missionary position with her legs behind her ears, I started to fuck her, but she held me tightly by both hands. I asked her if she was okay and if she wanted me to stop, she didn't say anything, she just held me tightly. And I pulled out my little one because I could see that something was wrong, and she asked me if I came. I said no, and I really didn't. She didn't want to explain anything. He walked him to the ferry, and they kissed and parted ways. A few days later, at Tina's pizzeria, her friends were talking about some kind of figurative rape, and I couldn't figure out who I had raped. I think Tina didn't let Andrej have it, and I broke up with Slavica after a month and 16 days of dating because she said there was a guy she had to go to if he called her, which really bothered my jealous self. Slavica asked me if I was thinking or considering, but the donkey thinks, so I said that I was brainstorming, to which she said a good answer, but if I harvested well,
I think she contacted a witch or a magician or a telepath to attack me. I didn't even know that she approached my grandmother at the Cadastre, she told her yes
I raped him myself, so I asked my old woman to sort out some construction papers for her.

1999. Finished high school and my grandmother sent me to enroll in Geodesy. She had some connections up there, since she worked in the Cadastre, which, I believe, helped me with the admission process, and I soon moved up there.
I lived in an apartment with Zana and Filipa. Zan was a classmate from elementary school, and Filip was a best friend. I was hitting on some girl at the bus station and was having a hard time,
and she offered to sign me up for Big Brother, and then recorded me on something like a cell phone or voice recorder as I consented.
I didn't know what I was agreeing to, I didn't even know what Big Brother was because it didn't exist back then, so I hadn't heard of it. I just wanted to take her to bed.
Anyway, afterAs I was walking towards the tram at the bus station, a man got off the tram and put a folder on my chest.
I thought he was confused or had a seizure, so I threw it in a nearby dumpster. I told Filip and someone else when I got home what had happened, because I found it terribly strange,
and they went to the station afterwards. When they came back, they said they hadn't found the folder. I contacted my high school classmate, Ana, who I had a crush on in my first year of high school, and she invited me to her apartment.
Her roommate said I was incredibly handsome and said through a chat that she would like someone experienced in bed.
To make a long story short, her roommate, Sandra, came to our apartment, stripped naked in my bed and started doing some bizarre dominatrix chat, which only confused me.
She was surprised so I asked her if she wanted her roommate Filip to come over. She said she could. Filip came while I was going back to the kitchen, and then he came back and said that she fucked him.
I went back into the room and then she said that she couldn't believe what kind of person I was, and that's where we broke up in a semi-normal way. I didn't know it at the time, but she worked as a stripper, and she didn't want any kind of relationship.
We organized a party in the apartment, got drunk and smoked like crazy, one girl stole my original Zippo mini lighter and that was the beginning of my alcoholism.
My old man gave me his entire salary, about 3600kn, but back then it was worth 8-9000kn today.
Anyway, Ana wanted me to visit again, after I told her that I fucked her roommate, and she told me that she broke the table yesterday with her boyfriend in the kitchen,
but then she started waving her ass in front of my face while she was looking for a book in the drawer like crazy. She wanted me to fuck her, but I didn't want to make a fuss about her at the mere mention of her being in a relationship.
When I left, we never saw or heard from each other again. I met a new aunt and went on a date with her.
She was older than me, more serious, and I played the role of a clown by climbing the cement gnomes on the sidewalk as we walked around Zagreb.
Anyway, two tall guys appeared out of nowhere, one took out a knife and started towards me, and the other pushed her against the wall and she yelled at me to run.
I didn't think it through very well and ran away, ran into a tavern two streets down, and in the tavern I remembered that I should have defended her, got out at the next stop, and hurried back, but there was no one there anymore.
One day, in a discussion with the team in the apartment, I defended gay rights, and later my roommate Filip suggested that he try it with a man. He talked me into it.
We gave each other a blowjob, but I didn't get hard on him or men at all, even though Filip's naked ass was right in front of me.
I also refused his request to fuck me in the ass, and in the morning I woke up with my brain as if I had had a stroke in a dream and my ass hurt.
For some reason, the idea that I had been raped never occurred to me, nor was there any way I could prove it without being embarrassing.
There was no washing machine in the apartment, and when I received my clothes back from the old man, washed, I met a girl I knew in Zadar, but only for a small fee.
We chatted, she came to our house and fell in love with my roommate Filip, whom she deflowered a few days later.
While the three of us were waiting for a long time by the cibona, and we didn't know that Zadar was playing a basketball game there, some boys approached us, put a knife to Filip's throat and asked him where he was from.
He said he was from Zagreb, so they left. I guess the robbery continued a day later, and after that I went to Zadar to get a pistol, which I later carried around Zagreb. Filip shitted like a turtle.
In our usual station, the fifth element, one day, I noticed a girl sitting and looking as if her world had collapsed.
If she wanted to start moving, she smiled and started dancing. I approached her and she stuck her tongue up to my Adam's apple. It was mostly for a relationship.
I wrote her poems, so for Valentine's Day she gave me a cookbook with some poem from the internet, which disappointed me and my reaction hurt her, so I ran after her around Zagreb like in the movies to apologize.
When winter came, I fucked her on a snow-covered football field, in public, in broad daylight.
Once she told me that she was the waiter from the bar where we used to go, so she stuck her head under the table and started to fuck me. The waiter walked by and I made a face, what am I going to do, there's nothing I can do about it.
One day she said that her parents were going to Trakošćan for the weekend, and that weekend I probably spent about 20 hours a day with her out of 24 hours. So that later I would meet her parents and drink some nasty pickle that her father offered me.
And she wanted me to spend it on her brother's bed. Anyway, once I was dead drunk and invited some other girl to Kulusic, brought her home, but nothing happened,
and later I confessed to Ivana that another girl had slept in my bed. The friend I was talking to slept with Zana in the bed, but I don't think Zana did anything.
My girl got pissed when I told her she had slept in my bed.
Basically, the next fuck with Ivana wasoh strange, that thing felt like someone with a bigger dick than mine was fondling her, but I didn't say a word.
Once I followed her home, and in front of some evil crew in the underpass, she said that I was from Zadar.
On the way back, they started following me, so my movie stopped and two policemen appeared from somewhere and checked their IDs. One of the crew later ran into the train station with me and threatened someone in a loud voice.
You guessed it, college wasn't my primary concern, so when the dream summed it all up, I realized that my parents back home were living on a salary,
and I was in ZG non-stop without pay because one of my roommates was stealing from me, so I decided to return to Zadar.
So I did. Ivana gave me 50kn for the bus to Zadar, as some kind of farewell gift. Filip later told me that she was hitting on him. My "study" lasted about 7 months.

One morning I woke up and I was going to my station for a macchiato, the bizarre cafe, but I came before it opened.
Upon my return, another bar was open, so I read the newspaper and drank coffee there.
The next day I woke up later, but the day after that it was too early again. I went to that other bar again, when the waitress asked me if I was just coming in on her shift?
And what should I do, I made out with her, and invited her for a drink. She agreed. Blonde, slightly wavy hair, something like a Texas blonde bombshell.
While drinking, she said that she was a student of culture and tourism, 4th year, and that she was working to finance her college education as a waitress. After a smoke on the waterfront, she said that she was a virgin.
2 years older than me. It was time for me to go and do my military service, and the first weekend after the oath, I brought her to my house and deflowered her.
And she really was a virgin, everything inside was glued together, I had to work really hard.
The army was interesting. My mother forced me into the army when she realized that nothing would come of my studies, and completing my military service was a requirement for employment.
I liked ABKO, considering that I was a chemical technician, a team that puts on protective suits and masks and handles poison gas...
I think I had a problem with Jadranka a week before that. Jadranka was a waitress, a Texas blonde bombshell type, 4th year of culture and tourism, a virgin, two years older than me.
Sinj was uninteresting, basic training.
Oh yes, in Sinj I took the oath, and the old men came to pick me up in a rental car, a Renault Twingo, and they took the wrong soldier's picture at the oath, because we all looked the same, damn it.
And then I drove us home, and that weekend I deflowered Jadranka. And she really was a virgin, everything inside was glued together and I felt when the nes inside burst, although there was no blood.
I was in Sinj for two months and then I was sent to Marsalka, Zagreb. It was total shit there. First, everyone took the beds except for bed number 13, so I asked the guy if he wanted to change.
He agreed, and that night 4 guys raped him, and if I remember correctly, they put nes in his ear. That guy disappeared the next day. After that, I got an order to go back to that bed.
Then they raped me too, because I woke up in the middle of the action, the guy whose dick was in my ass, took out a knife from under the pillow,
but one of them grabbed me tightly by both legs through the bars of the bed.
I couldn't get up. I started walking, I was kicked by a guy next to me, but he held me by the wrist with all his might, the knife fell out and then they put a handkerchief on my nose, after which I didn't feel anything else.
In the morning I woke up as if I was having a stroke, I don't know what I was dreaming about, the team was telling me that they had raped me, but I wasn't a virgin.
Jadranka, my girlfriend, the blonde, then sent me a letter in which she wrote in a weird way that she had a strong libido and that she wouldn't wait for me.
One day we went running, and the corporal was some short guy, and I really liked the way he ran. Short steps, relaxed, just a little faster than a brisk walk, almost like running in the mist.
After about ten laps, the team fell apart, only the eight of us who were running were left. A few more laps and it was just me and the corporal. And I was fucking fat.
And the sergeant told me, running in front of me, Stambuk, give up! Why, I ask? Because I really didn't understand. And a few more laps, and the sergeant gave me the go-ahead and left.
One interesting scene with an officer was when we were standing in line in front of the barracks, and he was giving some kind of lecture that when he asked what time it was, we had to say, thank you, sir, so and so.
He came up to me, asked me, I said, thank you, sir, I don't have a watch.
He got really pissed off at me after that, so when the platoon came to a halt he wanted me to jump in the shit in my protective gear, but some other officer overruled his order.
Anyway, Jadranka sent me a letter in which she figuratively said that she wouldn't wait for me forever because she had a strong libido.
They raped me a few more times, so Jadranka came to visit, but I was so mentally fucked up that I didn't even remember to kiss her,
let alone fuck her somewhere, which is probably why she had come.
Afterwards they sent me to dead guard, guarding some weapons depot somewhere on the border, some hill, and there I was raped again.
My friends thought I was gay because II didn't do it myself, and I really didn't remember. Maybe even better, because I had both a weapon and live ammunition there, I probably would have killed them.
We went to target practice twice. The first time I put all 6 bullets in the black one, but in the target of the guy next to me.
The second time we went, I did it again, but in my own, so they let me shoot again and moved the target twice as far.
That second time, I dreamt of drawing a smiley face on the target, completely unconsciously.
In the army, the team tells a joke about a guy whose wife gave birth to a brother. They rape me a few more times, I experience my first visual illusion, only I see an officer and no one else.
My father buys me a car, a red raincoat arrives. A girl comes to visit me, but I'm so fucked up that I didn't even remember to kiss her, let alone fuck her somewhere.
The army ends, my girl passes the bar where she works, and in that new one my best friend hangs out with her.
One day a girl calls me behind a bar to give me a blowjob, a friend comes after us, and she tells him he'll get it later. We break up.
I get rumors that she sleeps with everyone I'm good with, and one day the owner of the bar under my building tells me that my neighbor has a daughter with some blonde from Varazdin.
When I ask him why he's telling me this, he keeps quiet. I meet a psychologist and a security guard while I'm working as a security guard at a nightclub in Gazenica. We get along well, and one day the security guard suggests we go to a parachutist club in Split.
I drive us there, the parachutists ask us what we think about gays, and the psychologist and I say that we're not into them. For some reason, the security guard hands me a knife, but I lose consciousness.
After the movie, we part ways and head back to Zadar, I ask why the fuck we came to Split in the first place, and I say that my ass hurts from the uncomfortable seat in the kiji pride. The psychologist says that he hurts too.
One day I go out drinking with a psychologist and he says that the security guard found some blonde, a bombshell, and that she got him when he changed his profession and became an architect because he learned to use AutoCAD.
But, apparently, he had an accident, because when he came with a ring to propose to the blonde, he found her and his best friend together.
I go to guard a marina, where they say that a fellow security guard, a friend from high school, fucked a blonde at work, high on heroin, and that he passed out.
I am briefly transported to a construction site, where some guy asks me if he can take a picture of me while I am sitting on a ladder eating a sandwich,
and those ladders were so poorly designed that the upper part did not continue onto a flat plate, and it was impossible to climb up at all, the upper floor of the stairs went right to the top of these.
I assume that photo was mocked in some circles for at least a week.
I invite Jadranka to a drink in Downtown, she says she works on a cruise ship and is thinking about a cappuccino with some black guy, a Jamaican. When she left after the party,
I noticed some strange-looking group coming down the stairs and then my memory stops. I call Jadranka a day later, she doesn't want to answer,
so I give Andrej her number and she tells him on her cell phone that I'm sick. About ten years later I see a picture of her in the square with her daughter on the 057info portal.
Andrej tells me that he could have fucked her but that it wasn't her, it was her colleague with the horse face.

I was in a relationship with Lucija. We just started dating, and she wouldn't give me anything except a kiss, or even to grab her ass, nothing.
It was New Year's Eve and my roommate from Zg invited me to come to a party in Sukosan, at his old people's house, that the whole group would be there, his group.
I probably passed because I was driving my father's car, and the taxi driver from Zadar to Sukosan would have been paid a lot to meet me. Anyway, I agreed and told Lucia that I was going there, she said okay because she had plans from before.
That roommate's group was a group that all wore tau, some kind of necklace. I never asked what tau was and I didn't care, although they seemed like a cult to me.
Anyway, to my delight, there was booze and food there, there was smoke, there was music, there were girls. It didn't take long before I was completely exhausted.
A group of Sukosan people came to threaten us in front of the house, but we chased them away. I was expecting a fight, but the Sukosan people ran away.
Anyway, back at the house I noticed a hot chick, and asked her to dance.
To my astonishment, she almost bit me while we were dancing sentis. Chewing, jerking, everything. And I ask her if we want to go upstairs, and I take a condom out of the jacket hanging on the wall, she nods.
And I take her upstairs to my roommate's old people's room. The door doesn't lock, there's no key, but who gives a fuck. On the wall are framed pictures of Jesus, the Virgin Mary, all the living saints, next to the bed is a cradle.
None of that bothered us, we started undressing. I didn't even have time to put the condom on, I just took it out of the bag and lost it somewhere, she was already riding me.
At that moment I hear some girls calling her from outside the door, Albina, Albina., come out. Neither she nor I paid attention, but at least I found out her name.
At that moment my roommate bursts into the room, who's looking for something, I lift the sheet over Albina so she doesn't look at her naked and I yell at him to get out. He comes out, but I've already called him names.
Albina didn't give a damn, I guess she wouldn't have cared ifThe atomic bomb fell, she continued to ride me. Now I was already miserable because of my friends who were crying at the door and my roommate and I said to Albina, let's go downstairs.
I sit down in an armchair, then she goes to talk to her friends and later she comes back and sits me down in the armchair and we start kissing. We get to know each other honestly and then she says she's 16.
Oh my god, what did she do, I got over my drunkenness and my greasy hair and my hangover all in a few seconds. Before morning the team came out in front of the house and looked into the passage, some kind of stone arcade,
and I said I was going to get the car because I parked far away. One of the girls told me not to go through that arcade, but I didn't see anything in particular and I said I had to.
When I went through, there wasn't a living soul in the whole of Sukasan. I tied up the car, but there was no one in the house. The whole team disappeared without a trace. I thought they were making fun of me and I went around the whole place, but there was no one.
I thought the smartest thing to do was to go home and I got in the car and drove away. There was no one on the road either, but after about 15 minutes I saw the first car and everything went back to normal.
Later that night, I met up with Lucija, told her what I had done and broke up with her.
I was curious about Albina and someone told me she was at some school. I went there by car, and met her as she was getting on the bus.
I got out of the car and wanted to talk to her, but she wouldn't even look at me, she just ran into the bus.
Her friend blocked the bus door and told me that Albina didn't want to talk to me. The driver also yelled at me to go fuck myself, or get on the bus, so I said I was with the car and got back in the car.
My roommate from Zagreb told me a year later that he saw her in the city pushing a stroller with a baby with some guy.
Albina approached me in the city, somehow found me, when the child was born and asked me what name to give him, she wanted a Croatian one. At that time, I was already under mild psychosis and I wasn't even aware that it was her.
I suggested Saša or Vanja, but she didn't like it so she suggested Ivan, and I said okay. After about 15 years, I worked for the company Jezgra, direct sales, selling knives and handsfree to people
live, I ran into a bar and when the waitress saw me, she told Albina to come out of the kitchen and Albina gave me her hand and introduced me to Ivan, the waiter. I wasn't aware that it was Albina and Ivan, and my brain was a mess, so I thought they were some crazy people and left after she told me that it was my son. That's the only time I've seen him.
Last month, 20 years after making Ivan, I looked up Albina on Facebook and saw that she had a profile picture of some little girl. If that's her daughter, that daughter isn't mine.
Albina still runs the same bar in Zadar, Mocarabia Coffee Point.

When I got a job at Tisak as a newspaper driver, the employees there would regularly steal my newspapers. Skabrnja people, since he's from Skabrnja, and one Bibinja.
Bibinja slashed the tire on my father's car, which also burst when I hit a curve, but I survived. At Tisak, I know I can come to work at 10 pm and go home the next day at 2 pm. One day I'm driving Bibinja in a van and he asks me if I know who THEY are, and after I say I don't, the movie cuts short.
One day I went to get coffee and two guys got their coffee before me, and when they came back they were giving the women from the office a leg rub. I gave the leg rub to the one in front of me,
but she remained stable. I stopped to take a sip of coffee, when the same one got stuck in her heels by itself and fell about a meter high onto the concrete.
They sent me away without doing anything, and when I returned no one said anything about her. Considering that my father is regularly pestered by a colleague who he says is disabled,
I concluded that in her mind she accused me of her disability, so she tried to be nice to my father because she planned to tell him one day that it was my fault,
when the two of them were good, so that my father would kill me. The Skabrnjan people would steal so many newspapers from me that instead of my 5000kn salary, I would get 4, and after that blackout with Bibinjec
I behave abnormally. I ask the aunts in the newsstands for a kiss as if I'm a jerk, and I start making mistakes in sorting newspapers, and my brain is a total mess.
I believe that they started me in Otiton, and the physical exhaustion in Tiska got to me and I got siza.
Filip introduced me to Marko. In the arcade. He fell for me right away, a Varoš dite like me, with the obligatory flute here and there. I hung out with Marko and went with him everywhere.
And when he was doing some legal and some illegal activities, but after the latter I told him not to call me anymore when he does such things, because one thing is to be someone's company, and the other is to be a partner in crime.
Filip then introduced me to a girl who had huge tits. This resulted in me dating her and having sex in my car.
I made out with Marko all day, and slept well in the gym, and in the evening I would be with a girl. Everything would have been fine, if one evening I hadn't been high and driven to Split with Marko in the car.
We were smoking weed in the car when my girlfriend called me on my cell phone. When I told her where I was and where I was going, she said she wanted to break up. I accepted that, and we both returned to Zadar.
The next day I was with Marko in Arkade and he asked meitao can he get a djir with my car. I said ok, I guess the boy is interested.
And we sit down and he hits the gas, he rushes past the naval school in the fossa at full throttle, and I can see someone's drums in the right rearview mirror.
An old man on a bicycle in front of us motions for us to stop, I tell Marko to turn off the car, and that I will get out, and he hits the gas again, turns right and runs straight to the ruts.
He was having a fight there and I snapped at him and told him that I would never give him a car again. I sit behind the wheel and let's go. He calls me that evening at his home.
I arrive, and on the chair in front of me a box rattles. Those leaves in the folding box. Take one and tell Mark what these are, she melted, give me another, and he says one is enough for you and takes the box.
My head is a total mess, I can hear the guy saying "you're dead" from his wall, but I can't see him. Marko looks at me and smiles.
Nis, I greet him and go home, I shave my head with a movie while I was driving and fall asleep at home.
The next afternoon, I come to his house uninvited, but having no idea what the hell happened last night, and Marko asks me if I want him to hypnotize me.
Me, convinced that he doesn't know that and that it's impossible, come on.
And he took out his wrist watch, on a chain, started swinging it and said, tell me what time it is. I say and relax thinking what an idiot. How many minutes is it? I say. How many seconds is it? I say. Count the seconds now.
And I'm counting when suddenly the clock ticks completely. I turn around and see that it is dark outside, and it was daytime when I arrived. I greet him and go home, completely confused.
At home, I lie down in bed and feel something leaking from my groin, but at that moment I ignore it and fall asleep. Tomorrow I'm thinking about what I'm going to do, and I'll just send him an SMS saying that I don't want to see him anymore.
In the meantime, I got a job as a seasonal worker for Tisak, as a newspaper driver. I have auditory and visual illusions while working, I make a lot of mistakes in sorting newspapers, and my colleagues steal newspapers from me.
Instead of 5,000 kn salary, I withdraw 4,000 kn. While I was in Vir, I met a girl at the Slobodna Dalmacija kiosk. She says she doesn't like me.
I apologize to my old man about her, and he accidentally told her, and she sent me an SMS after that. We found ourselves drinking and talking.
On one occasion, I saw her in Sabuniki and told her that they told me she was beautiful, which was true, but that was what the voices told me.
A team of boys sees us and shouts to me, master, leave something for us, and I answer, I can't, I've put everything. The boys came up to us and said, it's ok girl, and the two of us were laughing.
I cum in her one evening and I guess I threw the largest amount ever and a few days later she tells me she is pregnant. Marko appears in her island, Vir.
The old people take me to a psychiatrist and I get a diagnosis of schizophrenia. I tell her that I want her to give birth, but she wants me to marry her.
I show her the papers from the hospital and tell her that I don't want to get married, but that I will recognize the child. What is she going to say to me, she protested.
I can have an abortion, he says the next day on the phone, and I'll take her to a gynecologist.
While she was having an abortion, my daughter was shaved with a film in a gourd, she goes out and says to pay the boy, I am still confused, and I tell the doctor that I will pay him another time.
I go home, I ask the old, then the old, then my friend's money, I needed 1,800 kn, and the girl calls me and I tell her that it's the new year, that everyone spent it all for Christmas, and nobody has any money.
She breaks up with me. The old woman later tells me to call her, that she will sort out the money somehow, which I do, but the girl doesn't want to answer my cell phone anymore. I've been calling her for days, until she blocked me.
I only saw her years later, when a guy drove her to the marina in my nightgown, and when she went to an appointment with two Italians on a yacht.
In Zadar, at the end of the cemetery and near Tisk's office, there lives a dentist to whom my grandmother once took me. But there is also some downhill and an industrial part that look like the end of the suite.
On one occasion, my father drove me down there with him, then he got out of the van without doing it, and when he returned, another man got into the van. A gypsy woman came to my window, but I didn't
I understood exactly what she was saying, and the one who replaced my father told me that she said that I would be better off with her than with him and that I did not go with her.
Years later, I take a photo of that downhill, part of my fingers remain in the photo, I share that photo somewhere, but then some professional photographer takes a picture of the same place and my photo disappears.

Goran, this is Sandra. Said Rocco, the owner of the student bar where I was hanging out. At first Sandra and I were confused, but spontaneously approached each other, extended our hands and got to know each other.
The next day, in the same party, I rushed to her table and began to talk. She had a humped nose, slightly wavy dark brown hair, a beautiful smile and studied English and Italian.
I started out with a serious streak, and as I got more relaxed, he got more and more goofy. She laughed at my jokes and we started spending 16 hours a day together.
A week later, she found a boyfriend. Nothing was clear to me, I was already head over heels in love, but I also accepted her boyfriend as my own boyfriend. Now our time together has become rare.
In the next few years, she had 4 boyfriends and several female friends, a college studentshe failed so she enrolled in preschool. I was mostly a shoulder to cry on and a ride from point a to point b.
My crush turned into love, I couldn't fuck her off, I just had to endure everything that was served. One day we were sitting in the Maya pub and out of the blue she suggested we break up.
She had a boyfriend and I said she could be with me if she broke up with her boyfriend. I refused sex.
She didn't like that so instead of me she broke up with some photographer, which caused her relationship to end and her diver boyfriend punching the photographer in the head. She never mentioned sex with me again.
One day she lost her boyfriend, and we were sitting next to a theater under construction on the peninsula in a pub, and she said she had to go to the pharmacy, but that she was already bored of Zadar and wanted a change.
An idea came to me and I said we could go find a way through that theater under construction. She smiles and says let's go.
We both explored the inside of that theater, each on our own side, and I shout to her that I've found a passage. And she says come upstairs.
And I think to myself what an idiot, and at that moment the movie stops, then comes back, my head in a fog, and she's standing next to me. I'm confused, but I don't say anything, and we go to the pharmacy through the passage I found.
At 4 corners I tell her that I'm terribly tired, and that I'm going home to rest, she says ok, and I go home and fall asleep like a log.
A few days later I'm waiting for her in that same bar with her friend, Antonija, and Antonija takes some pills out of her purse, which reminded me of birth control pills. There were a bunch of them missing.
I ask her if that's what I think it is, and Antonija clicks one and asks me if I like it. I say, and it was true, that she and Sandra are the two most beautiful women I've ever seen.
Antonija points her finger at the theater under construction and I wonder what that means to her now. The movie pauses again, and the guy returns, it dawns on me that Antonija wants sex and I ask her if she wants to go to the theater for a fuck.
She says she doesn't. At that moment, a waitress comes over, asks me something about the theater, and with my brain still foggy, I ask the waitress for some unknown reason if she wants to go to the theater.
The waitress starts laughing and says she doesn't want to. A week later, I meet a girl at Iskrica, who buys me a little husky and tells me to move to Zagreb with her. That's what I do.
I stayed in superficial contact with Sandra and Antonija for a while longer and then deleted their numbers. I think Antonija is now engaged and lives in Australia, and Sandra got married and had a nose job.

I ran into her on a whim, so she opened the profile. We talked and she said she had to visit her cousin in Germany, so we stopped communicating.
She called some time after work and said she would come to me. She came, I was working as a security guard, so she took a taxi to my place of work.
My supervision rushed in and I almost got a fine, so instead of a fine I had to work Christmas Eve and New Year's Eve.
I told the supervisor that I had just met this kid, and he let me do neither. After work, he drove her to her cottage in Nin and they broke up there.
After that, she returned to Zagreb, said that she and her old woman sold the house not far from Zagreb and bought a flat in the basement in zg, and she will live there, and her old woman will live in Nin.
A week later, she tells me to come to the hospital, because she bought me a little husky, and she can't take care of him by herself. I'm quitting my job and moving upstairs.
She demanded sex once a week, not every day as I wanted, and that thing didn't work well for me anyway. Sandra, a friend from Zadar called me and asked me to give her Mira on her cell phone.
I found out that the relative she went to before me was a dealer who kept a kilo of cocaine and marijuana on the table.
Basically, I got a job at Sokol Marica a month later, looking after some blind parking attendants, and that's when they saw an armored car out of the shell and the team arrived in a hurry.
I gave the girl the whole salary, which she kept in a drawer in the kitchen. On one occasion, she took me to see some mini wallet, checkered, so I took those coins, bought it, and surprised her when she woke up.
On another occasion, she said that she didn't have anything to dry her hair with, so I walked around Ilica and bought her a hair dryer on the top floor of Nama. She said he was perfect. Then we found her some shoes and so on.
Basically, one day she said that she was wasting her life, so I suggested that she go out with her friends.
That's what she did and upon her return she said that she had given the mob number to a Physics student, apologized to me and deleted his number.
Then, while I was in the night room, she asked us to correspond, text after text, all night. I refused and ran home from work to see what was happening, and since the apartment was in the basement, the window was a little above the road.
I looked inside and saw some character wearing it. Went inside, the apartment was empty. He went back to work and in the morning when I was coming back from work I saw a guy just coming out of the portun, he looked at me and left.
I go inside, she is sleeping, I give her a kiss on the forehead and when she wakes up I ask where she was last night. She said she went out for a walk.
She asked for sex, even when I was outand my little one from her, someone's sperm was in the middle of my genitals, from above.
I decided to quit, go back to Zadar, but keep Walter, the husky.
Later, I fucked her again in Zadar and officially broke up with her, only for her to tell me that the breakup had broken her and that her friends had helped her a lot.
Later, I concluded that Sandra had called her and told her about the word that turned me off, and then Mira used that word wanting to get pregnant.

I was on forum.hru, wasting time, and some aunt ran in and asked if I wanted a drink. Of course, I said, scared, thinking someone was going to beat me up.
We agreed to meet at the bridge, and I made myself look good there, when there she was and that she would take me out for a drink. A chubby girl, and I'm not really crazy about chubby girls.
To make things even weirder, she navigates through Zadar as if it were her city, not her first time there, and navigates straight to my favorite pub on the Riva, where we settled on the terrace.
Strange to me, paranoia is working 100%, but I'm not saying anything. On the way, she said that she stayed at the Kolovare Hotel, and that I should never stay there because the hotel is terrible.
I found it strange that we met again at the bridge even though the Kolovare Hotel is on the other side of the street, but I'm not saying anything.
She ordered a beer, and I ordered a coffee, I guess she didn't know me that well, or she was stressed and started making up stories.
It turned out that she came to Zadar as a translator and was translating about fishing nets. I was amazed because my English is excellent, but not enough to know all those words.
Basically, I tell her that I think half in Croatian, half in English, and her counter light comes on and she says that no one thinks in English, and she says "I don't know, tree".
I uttered "crii", to explain to her that I was serious. And mic by mic, they drank theirs, and she asks me if I would like to go to the hotel with her.
So I wasn't casually drinking, but also casually having sex, and the whole thing seems to have been arranged with several people. So that I don't end up without a kidney?
So she already told me not to go to that hotel?
And I refuse, it was too strange for me, and she wasn't my type either. I liked that I was hard on her, unless some mafia sent her to me.
They parted ways, I went straight home and saw that she posted a photo of herself sitting by the sea on Facebook. It's a shame, I thought, if you played your cards differently, it couldn't have mattered.
I called her once or twice after that, but she sounded aggressive, so I deleted her number.
Some aunt came to my forum.hru and said she was coming to a concert in Zadar. The concert was on the plains, and she supposedly didn't know where it was.
Anyway, she came, we met and started walking around the city. A funny girl, but she seemed lost in time and space, like a lost lamb.
My first instinct was to protect her. She didn't give off any kind of sex aura, she looked more like someone being beaten by a boyfriend or husband.
When we passed near the Sun Salutation, I felt the air was heavy and asked her if she had an umbrella, because it was supposed to rain if I was right.
She said she didn't, so I asked her if she wanted to run home and get one, just wait for me in front of the building. She refused.
When we reached the Vladimir Nazor Park, a small park, the thought "attack her now" appeared in my crazy brain.
I scolded that voice and she reached for her purse. I assumed she had pepper spray or a shocker.
I started, under stress, to wonder if she heard that voice too and curse her own brain, when she interrupted my thoughts and asked if we were close.
I thought she probably thought I was some maniac taking her into the forest to rape her, but to my relief we ran into a crowd of people who were also waiting for the concert. We were both happy to get there. She climbed a wall and sat down and put the map next to her and I looked behind her and saw a 20m fucking abyss behind her. Shit is alive. I warned her, she's not. But then she came downstairs anyway because the concert was about to start,
I catch her coming down, greet her nicely and for some reason kiss her on the cheek. I go home.
During the concert it started to rain and I sent her a text message, but she didn't answer. I thought it would be a good idea to go there with an umbrella,
and walk with her to the station on the way because she said she didn't know how to get there, but I changed my mind since I sent her another text message and asked her and she didn't answer. I thought she was enjoying the concert and wasn't looking at her phone. Nicely deleted her number and fell asleep.
Nick was her SubSv.

The fact is that there is a word that when I hear it, my conscious self switches off and I go into submissive mode.
Once, a friend asked me to write letter by letter on a piece of paper, and when I wrote the whole word and said it, the friend disappeared.
I once told my father that I didn't take my pills last night, and for some unknown reason I turned around and went to my room and took my pills at 6 pm, even though I usually take them before bed.
Now imagine a scenario, you go out into the city, someone says that word to you and records you on your cell phone agreeing to have sex for a kuna, you suck his dick and he walks away.
You don't remember what happened, except that for some unknown reason you have a kuna to spare, and everyone who watched the video doesn't know they watched a rape, they think you're a whore, and for a kuna.
Anyway, Antun aggressively asked me once if I wanted to give him a blowjob while I was at his company,
and at that moment I thought he was kidding, only to realize two things later. First, he's gay. Second, I seem to become submissive after hypnosis,
which is a word and I have to listen to whatever someone says to me in an aggressive tone. I don't remember anything after that. Antun must have either mispronounced it or said the wrong word.
Then Antun's friend, Ivica Paleka, invited me to his company, and we sat down in a nearby cafe, so Ivica could ask if he could record our conversation.
I agreed, expecting some kind of joke, but Ivica said that he would agree to everyone watching him do what he did on his computer. I would too, I said, prompted by him.
At that moment, Andrej appeared and was pleased when Ivica told him that he had recorded the conversation. I went to report 13 years of hacking to the police,
and a day later Andrej invited me for coffee near the police station. I arrived, and Andrej showed me the bruises and scars, but he didn't want to say who beat him.
On Facebook, I saw a picture of Ivica's company and Ivica holding his face in his hands while the police took his computers out of the company. The police told me that the hacker was out of the country and that the police could do nothing.
The hacking continues to this day. Not long after, Filip (his last name is Fiala) called me to a pizzeria near the Sacred Heart Church.
After a brief conversation about 100 Euros, I lost consciousness and came to my senses, but I was outside the pizzeria.
I went back inside, Filip ordered lasagna for himself and his two friends, and no one gave me a 5% discount. When I asked why I was there, no one answered.
One of the guests at the bar reveals to me, through a tip, that some guy paid Filip 100 Euros to rape me. I assume that Filip used his word on me and used the money to buy lasagna. I'm going home.

They call him Pope, his last name is Popovic, I don't know his first name, he worked for Otiton, a company that sells hearing aids. He quit his job and I asked if I could get a job, so his director accepted me.

When I got to work, I was told that the director was paying some student in the university, who later became a doctor and sent him patients.
I mostly smoked weed at work, played games and occasionally even did something. My task was to take my social security papers to the hospital before they expired during my brunch.

Pope called me and told me to go to some website, where I could fill out a form for something that looked like some kind of program for mentally ill children.
He told me to type in the name of the hacker from Sibenik, the leader of the Anonymous group, which I did, but I didn't know his details. While I was on that page, the screen flashed as if someone had triggered a screenie.
I could have typed in the child's name, his parents, but I didn't know what would have happened after that. I tried to type in myself, and got some kind of error message, so I gave up.
Google launched right then and there, and I searched for anything that came to mind, mostly sexual in nature. Filip gives me a porn CD, so I look up what was on that CD online.
I spent my time on usenet because Pope told me to save on internet. My accountant called me from Zagreb and told me to switch line 1 to line 2 on the router, which I did because we had some kind of problem with the phone.
Then someone accessed my computer, while I was high at the company, and I remember my brain seemed to access something very distant, and at the end of some litany in my head, I said "Igneos Eructid".
I didn't know it at the time, but that was the beginning of my schizophrenia. After that, my brain goes into a beautiful frenzy. In a daze, I brag that I was sitting in an armored American car at a friend's house in Sukosan.
I think his father is going to prison for that, but Andrej, his son, tells me that he was keeping cocaine, so I didn't even connect. I'm late taking the securities to the social security office,
so I'm out of breath and we're setting up the table where I was supposed to be taking people's ear prints. Soon they tell me that they're closing the branch, the salary is late, and that I'm going to be fired. Apparently they've redirected traffic to Split.
A girl arrives, deaf in both ears, with two digital hearing aids. I set everything up in the program, but I don't know that the devices are activated remotely. The girl lies to hear, and I send her home with her mother.
My brain is already in a terrible mess, I take 1000kn from the cash register, and I figure I'll give it back when the payday comes, but some guy comes and we close the store, and he puts everything in the trunk of the car,
without checking the cash register. When I was looking for a new job, the company called me and said they had about 1000kn in arrears to pay, and they paid it to me. For some unknown reason, I didn't plead guilty.
I intend to throw the CD, along with a bunch of old CDs, in the trash, but Dubravko Marušić, the waiter from the Downtown pub, asks me to bring them to him, which I do.

We went non-stop to the Cobra video store in Zadar on the peninsula, both my mother and I. One day I came there, watching movies, and a worker, a new one, leaned against the door and asked me if I could seeI liked it.
I said no, I didn't even pick it up, I watched almost everything. At that moment, the movie stopped, so I went back, but there was no one in the video store. I decided to pay when I got back, took one movie and went home.
Tomorrow or the day after, I returned the movie, the video store was packed, I offered my hand to Braco, the owner of the video store, but he didn't accept it and pulled a gun on me.
My movie stopped, and I felt like I was home. My VCR broke down, an Akai, and I stopped going to get movies, and the video store moved to Bulevar.
Once I went to Bulevar and asked for a movie, but the woman told me they didn't have it.

While I was babysitting Elka in Gazenica, I met Ivica Stručić, a security guard. Then I met his friend, Davor, a psychologist (I think they were both Serbs).
We hung out three times, and I even went on a double date with my girlfriend Branka and Struka.
Struko says one day that he saw a girl in the zg who told him that she was open to all suggestions, but he didn't pick up, so she smoked in the car with some guy later.
I wasn't talking figuratively at the time, but he was thinking of me. I also meet their friend, whose name I have unfortunately forgotten.
One day, Struko admits to me that he is a virgin, so I tell Davor that, who makes fun of him. Basically, for one day in Gagice, they suggest that we go to his paratrooper friends in Split.
I'm driving him, Davor and my air traffic controller friend (who was a pilot at the time) with whom I drove a couple of times there in my father's new Kia Pride.
We were met by two friends in a small town, and while driving in reverse at a traffic light, they leaned against my car.
Anyway, we get there, and the character asks me and Davor what we think about gays. I say I don't like them, and Davor says he doesn't like them either.
And the character points a finger at the two of us, then Struko hands me a knife, but I don't understand what I'm doing with the knife, and they put a tissue over my mouth.
Next scene, we're at the same place, and they tell us it's okay, you can go. The air traffic controller asks me "so you don't remember?". And they escort us out of Split.
I drive us back, we stay on reserve, at the last minute we find a gas station, I fill up and drive us to Zadar. In the car I say that my ass hurts in the uncomfortable Kia Pride, and Davor says that he does too.
When I ask why the hell we came to Split in the first place, everyone is silent.

I don't remember where I met her anymore, maybe on a spark? Basically, her name was Paula or Paola and she was the absolute ugliest female creature I'd ever seen.
My first thought was that she was going to die of a cock. All my exes were top model-level, this one wasn't average, but way below average, a mistake of nature.
Which triggered a kinky thing in me, so we started talking.
She said she had problems with her ovaries and that's why she couldn't get pregnant, and she insisted on having unprotected sex.
No, girl, girl, I remember sitting in a park on a bench and she started to fuck me and just then some jogger ran past us and saw us.
Later, I realized that some high school girl and some boy had also seen us, on a bench a little further away from us, and the girl was looking at me grimly as we passed.
She said that her father was a policeman who made her suck his cock every now and then. And she used to work as a flower seller at a cemetery.
Anyway, she came to my house, asked for sex, took off her clothes in my room and demanded that I wait while she took off her clothes. Then she called me in.
The sex lasted maybe a minute, and she was loud, when she suddenly got out of bed and said she was going home. When I asked again, she said she had to go.
Well, I didn't even cum, I protested, and she asked about it and you didn't, so she went back to bed. A minute later she said she was going home again. I was confused again, but I kept quiet.
The next day there she was again and the story repeated itself. I concluded that she thought I had cummed so she went home to check if she was pregnant. And I didn't even manage to cum once, let alone inside her.
And I didn't, I went for a beer. She called me on my cell phone and I said I was having a beer, and she, in the manner of the worst prostitute in the world, shouted and you drank. I don't drink, what's wrong with you, one beer.
And then we got into an argument and I fucked her. Fuck off and fuck off, huh, she yelled, you'll pay me! And that was the last I saw of her.
Some time later, I put my cell phone on the snoop for sale, a guy answers and asks me to come to a pub in Vostarnica. I come, he's not there.
After I leave, a group of men at a table stop me and one of them takes my cell phone but doesn't want to pay for it. I didn't want to cause trouble, and I was alone, and there were a lot of them, so I calmly walked out.
I walked around the pub and tried to figure out why they were asking me about my girlfriend, but I got psychotic and I felt like going crazy. That I was going home when some guy across the street waved at me.
I figured he wasn't the one who should come get my cell phone, so I asked him, and he said not to worry, let me drop some package in that pub and go home. So I did.
A few days later, I read in the newspaper that a pub had blown up in the sky, and I wondered if it was the same one.

One morning, almost 20 years ago, I woke up and heard the voice of an unknown man talking to my parents. I couldn't wake up and fell asleep again.
KaWhen Saturday came, Filip invited me to a wedding and invited me to come and get high with him. Apparently, some friend of his was getting married.
I arrived at the registrar's office and Filip offered me cocaine, which I refused, and then weed, which I agreed to, but the weed was incredibly strong.
Then some guy came out of the registrar's office and told Filip that he needed a witness. Filip said he didn't have an ID, and I said I did, so he went inside.
I handed over my ID, the guy asked me if I had been married before, I said no, is this your first time, I said I was just a witness, which made everyone laugh.
When the registrar asked us to sign, I signed, and the guy said I could kiss the bride. I was confused, so Filip lifted her veil and kissed her.
I didn't get to see what the bride looked like. I turned around while the registrar was protesting the procedure, and went outside.
I think that the man in my apartment was the father of some girl. Whether the marriage went through or was annulled is still unknown to this day. The marriage was never consummated.
At the time of that wedding, there were three girls in my life, in that period of time, as much as I can count, because I had just gotten sick at that time.
Albina, who I accidentally fathered a child with, Paula or Paola, who I never came to, and Jadranka, who I also never came to.
Which of the three I married, I have no idea. If it's Albina, then my son Ivan is mine, if it's one of the other two, the child is not mine.
I saw that Albina had a profile picture of some girl on Facebook two weeks ago. If she has a daughter, that child is not mine.
I only assumed 20 years later that my father fathered a daughter for Jadranka and let me marry her so that there would be no embarrassment.

One day I was out walking with Walter, my husky, and Ante Mitrovic, a waiter from downtown, approached me on the walk. He asked me from the beginning if I wanted to fuck his wife, who was standing a few meters away.
She said no, and he says that he cannot have children. He said I have a size for you, find someone with better genes. He said it doesn't matter, but Walter dragged me further. Next scene, Ante returns with mine
with a barking dog, I also go home and fall asleep. I see Anta and his wife with two children on Facebook ten years later.
So, in theory, I am the father of their daughters and son, Jadranka's daughter and Albina's son.

It's interesting how my father tells me to go look for help. Go and heal yourself, as they say. And then he asks me which of the two of us is normal.
Well, dear dad, tell me, is it normal for you to write on the shell without a board, because you know that I won't put the board down, so I sit in your piss?
And still step into your pool next to the shell? Is it normal to hypnotize and hit your son if he forgets to put water in the coffee?
I also noticed that the painter at the bottom of the building was avoiding me, and that day my garbage can also disappeared from the balcony. That maybe you didn't hypnotize me to get carried away
trash come down and make a scumbag painter? Because you live for money? Is it normal to throw a spork sponge into your son's coffee or pour varekine or carli into his coffee?
Is it normal to pull your son's teeth and break his knees? Is it normal to give your son cocaine? Is it normal to pimp your son to anyone who wants to?
He rapes the person in question, so in the morning he buys burek for his son? Is it normal to take Easter and Christmas and an extra 1000kn for firewood from your son without telling him and reward him with a bag of chips? Interestingly, when my father bought a scooter, he gave my mother 1000kn less for 6 months, until he paid off the scooter, so my mother asked me for the 1000kn from her,
which I paid off for 6 months. I literally bought my father a scooter. When my mother died, I gave up my half of the apartment, which thus completely belonged to my father,
and I gave up the apartment so that my foreclosure wouldn't be on the apartment. That also meant I lost my right to social assistance, because I gave up my inheritance.
I immediately gave the envelope given to me at my mother's funeral, full of money, from my mother's colleagues, to my father, and since the lawyer charged if the apartment was worth more than 40k, he said the apartment was worth 70k, and I paid the lawyer those few thousand kuna.
Then I continued to pay off my foreclosure and partially my mother's debts for a few years, while my father stole my heating allowance of 1000kuna a year and any Christmas or Easter from me.
He doesn't turn on the heating in the winter, one winter it was -17 C one morning in the living room, and he set the boiler to not let hot water run for more than a minute and accused me of screwing up the boiler.
And now the wise gentleman is stealing coffee capsules from me so he can teach me not to use butter or cheese spread or bread that he bought.
Sometimes he steals meat from my fridge. And even though he has two full tubes of smokeless tobacco, he takes mine. Now he has reduced his monthly allowance from a kilo of tobacco to half a kilo, and my kilo, which used to last me a month, now expires a week earlier. And then he lectures me for half an hour about how I can't stop smoking and that I'm causing him problems because he has to call the man. So, I pay my father half of the expenses, 80 euros, and I also give him 50 euros to buy me a kilo of tobacco, he probably expects me to pay him half a kilo because I eat the bread he bought, andHe gets back at me by breaking my knees and pulling my teeth,
and I believe he hypnotizes me to scream in my sleep, because he probably can't hear me, and he interrogates me while I'm asleep and makes me do crazy things to the neighbors, like the one with the painter and the trash.
The police didn't arrest him when I reported him, even though the policeman said they would arrest him considering what I told them.
So I live in a legal toilet from the state and I can either commit murder or wait for the trash to die, if I don't end up like an invalid by then.

Dalibor Podrug (my neighbor from the second floor) and Saša Matanović went fishing together. Once they were on Pag, and Dalibor boasted to him that he had fucked me, which resulted in Saša getting angry and driving home and leaving Dalibor to walk back to Zadar from Pag. And my father probably sponsored that rape. I still remember the scars from extinguished cigarettes on my legs. He probably borrowed money from Dalibor and instead of returning it, he offered to rape me. They probably implanted this hypno command into my brain because they told psychiatrists that I was aggressive, so I've been suffering from countless rapes for 20+ years and because of schizophrenia and hypnosis I don't remember anything. They pulled out my teeth and broke my knees. A total torture. One morning I hear the doorbell ring. I wake up, I open the door in a daze, it's Dalibor. He's almost yelling at me to give him back the 100 kuna he lent me, and I have a thought in my brain that I should suck his dick. Since I'm conscious this time, I scold my brain and tell Dalibor that it's 7 in the morning, the pension has just been paid and the bank isn't working yet and that he'll get his pay around 9. Another time I'm in his room, my movie is interrupted when he unlocks the door that he doesn't bother to lock. On the third occasion, he sits next to me, I wonder how the song on the computer skipped, and Dalibor buttons up the picture.
One day I found a black short-sleeved T-shirt in my room, for someone much taller than me, much longer, and recently someone's boxer shorts.
My father gave the T-shirt to Boris because I didn't want to wear it, even though my father assured me it was mine. I still think of the boxer shorts as a tile stove.
Several times I felt a pain in my butt like a stab wound, only to bleed from my butt the next day, I believe they gave me that to prevent infection.
And I believe I'm submissive while I'm under, so the rapist uses a slightly more aggressive tone and I do whatever I'm told.
I can sell my computer or nude pictures, but my ass is not for sale, nor have I allowed anyone to stream content from my desktop.

As the pieces in my head slowly come together, things get weirder. I bought 3 cotton white t-shirts that disappeared a month later.
I recently bought 3 more t-shirts, black, with an elastane content so that I don't have to iron, and only one is left. Furthermore, I saw a photo of a woman in the uniform of a secret Chetnik organization,
and that woman looked a lot like my mother. A few years ago I had cigarette marks on my legs, currently I have one on my back, on my shoulder.
It slowly seems to me that both my father and mother are some kind of spies, and I'm being led around on orders, to be raped. And it seems my father gets paid for it,
and along the way give them mine, like a t-shirt, as a memory of the rape. My screen has brown spots and fingerprints, as if a child touched the screen, and I never touch the screen with my fingers.
So I'm guessing that my father pimps me out to both women and men, and some of them got pregnant, or at least, claimed the child was mine, and they brought the children to visit.
And considering that I have something like fleas, plus something like psoriasis, it seems that they bring pets too. And maybe those dogs rape me, I wouldn't be surprised.
Which only my father seems to benefit from, and I don't remember anything. No rape, no children, no men, no women, no dogs.
I think it all started since I was born, provided that I wasn't a clone of these two to raise, and my father has been pimping me out since I was little.
I don't think that visit to Benkovac during the war was just about going to get wood, but about taking me to be raped by the Chetniks.

Some of the movie cuts that I haven't mentioned so far:
1. While Stanko, my cousin, was driving me in a truck to enroll in college.
2. While I was delivering beer, in a truck with a colleague.
3. While I was in my neighbor's room, Dalibor Podrug.
4. While I was at the computer, and Dalibor was sitting next to me.
5. While I was in the Irish pub near 4 Kantuna.
6. While I was buying lemonade as a kid in a pastry shop on Relja.
7. While I was sitting in the former Belgrade garden.
8. While guarding the tankerkomerc marina.
9. While guarding Kemoplast in Gazenica.
10. While I was in the Maya Pub with two lesbians drinking.
I think all of the above were rapes, by different people.
